**Introduction**  
Cloudways by DigitalOcean is a managed web hosting platform that specialises in providing an easy-to-manage environment for web applications.  
The idea behind offering bounty for bugs is to tap into the expertise of the InfoSec community and discover the gaps in Cloudways’s security. The emphasis is on offering a secure user experience to our customers and to ensure that the Cloudways Platform remains the most secure managed hosting option for our users.

Looking for other DigitalOcean assets? Take a look at our other bug bounty programs:

- [DigitalOcean](https://app.intigriti.com/programs/digitalocean/digitalocean)

**High Impact Findings**  
We are particularly interested in findings that enable widespread compromise of other customers or penetrate Cloudways’s core backend systems. These behaviors are not limited to specific vulnerability categories, but some examples include:

- Broken authorization leading to access of other Cloudways customer records
- Remote code execution on core Cloudways infrastructure
- Cross-machine attacks to break the multi-tenancy architecture

**Acceptable PoCs**

- Command execution: `whoami`, `hostname`, `uname`
- File reads: `/etc/hostname`
- File writes: `/tmp/bbp_<intigriti username>`
- SQL injection: basic evidence (`' OR 1='1` causes all rows to return and `' AND 0='1` causes zero rows to return) is fine, but feel free to extract the username of the database user as well

**Applications to Focus**  
The Cloudways Bug Bounty Program focuses on the following applications:

**1. Cloudways Platform**  
Cloudways Platform is the primary target for this program.

- Flexible ([https://platform.cloudways.com/](https://platform.cloudways.com/))  
    Flexible is the main interaction point for Cloudways customers.
- Autonomous ([https://unified.cloudways.com/](https://unified.cloudways.com/))  
    New UI along with new api and backend to handle all the services of Cloudways
- Cloudways Api ([https://api.cloudways.com/](https://api.cloudways.com/))  
    Many, but not all actions that Cloudways Platform allows through the UI can also be performed through Cloudways API
- Cloudways Developer ([https://developers.cloudways.com/](https://developers.cloudways.com/))  
    Cloudways Developers authorizes the API key to use Cloudways API
- Client Billing  
    Feature to automate and manage recurring invoices and payments
- DNS Made Easy  
    DNS management tool to manage all the DNS records of the domain
- Astra Pro  
    Astra is fast, fully customizable & beautiful WordPress theme suitable for blog, personal portfolio, business website and WooCommerce storefront
- Cloudflare  
    Here you can check which of your Applications are bound to Cloudflare.
- Elastic Email  
    Send high-volume transactional emails with exceptional value through Elastic Email
- Rackspace Email  
    Email hosting service on Cloudways Platform
- SafeUpdates  
    Automatically detects, tests & deploys WordPress updates
- Vulnerability Scanner  
    The Vulnerability Scanner powered by Patchstack is specifically designed for real-time monitoring and notification of potential threats in the application components

**As for the third party add-on i.e., DNS Made Easy, Astra Pro, Cloudflare, Elastic Email, Rackspace, SafeUpdates, Vulnerability scanner, etc. bug bounty program should focus on only the issues that will impact Cloudways environment directly.**  
  
**2. Cloudways Website**  
Cloudways website is the corporate website that offers product details and related corporate information to visitors.

**Focus areas**  
While testing Cloudways targets from a user’s perspective, your efforts should be directed towards the following areas:

1. Testing of Cloudways Platform and API with focus on

- Any action(s) which a user is not authorized to perform via Platform or API and can cause security breaches in the Cloudways infrastructure as a result of these actions .
- Access to sensitive information including but not limited to Passwords, API keys and Personal data of customers.
- Cross-account login/ operations via Platform and API.

2. Testing of underlying Management & Orchestration layer used by Cloudways Platform and API to manage customer servers, which may include

- Any malicious activity from the orchestration layer on a single or multiple servers.

Please note that if you find any exploits, please BE CAREFUL when testing and inform Cloudways prior to any invasive or impactful testing.

**Feedback**  
Would you like to help us improve our program or have some feedback to share, please send your anonymous feedback here: [Program feedback link](https://go.intigriti.com/program-feedback)  
Please note this form will be checked periodically and should not be used for submission or support queries.